= Springy -- Configure Spring contexts with JRuby

Springy lets you use a simple Domain Specific Language (DSL) based on JRuby to wire up your Spring context.
See {Wiring up Spring with JRuby}[http://www.trampolinesystems.com/weblog/wiring-up-spring-with-jruby]
for an introduction.

== Usage

Create your context definition and put it somewhere in your classpath. To actually create the context do:

  import org.springframework.core.io.Resource;
  import springy.context.RuntimeSpringyContext;
  import org.jruby.Ruby;

  // ...
  Resource r = new ClassPathResource("/path/to/context_definition.rb");
  Ruby runtime = Ruby.getNewInstance();

  ApplicationContext ctxt = new RuntimeSpringyContext(runtime, r);

=== Examples

See the test cases src/test, src/test/resources/springy/context.rb and its XML equivalent test/resources/springy/context.xml.

== Building

To build Springy from the source, you need need {Maven}[http://maven.apache.org/].

    % mvn package (maven)

in the toplevel directory.

== Stuff

Contact: mailto:jan.berkel@gmail.com

== License

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License 
is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express 
or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under 
the License. 
